installation script:
- user simply unpack the tar.gz in a server folder and access that folder
- on startup if there are installation problems php automatically run the configuration script
- the data folder creation can be automatic (user/password for server) or manual (yet ready folder)
- same for the db and the db user
- db creation (run of create table.sql) shoul control if db is yet filled and control for update to do
- the inc/inc.Setting.php is filled asking user entry
- the script can be used to test installation problem without affecting the current installation

The document state is currently not updated when a user is deleted from users list. 
For example user A is the only pending approver for a document, then the document is in draft state.
When A is deleted the document should pass automatically in release status.
This could be done with a new function controlling the existance of all the pending approver/reviewer
and eventually updating the status of the document. This function will be called by user-remove function.

Sometimes in the DB are written messages strings in plain language whose 
language depends on the current user and will never be translated.
 This can be avoided using only coded messages

In the translation files there are a lot of string not used and the newer ones are non ordered
This require a mass revision of all the lang.inc files. (English and Italian are the most updated)
This revisione should be done when all the translation will be updated to last version (never?)

In my Documents->all documents there should be two lists: one (the current) with 
the user's document, and another with the user's updated document (that's because 
one user could have updated a document not owned by himself)

The include list in every file could be reordered in a single include file 
with "require_once" (actually every file include everithing)

Not everywhere in the sources every object (like $document, $folder, ecc)
is tested as valid before using it (this can cause new php error)

Security on user permission for all the op/ files is not completely tested
Try to access direclty to the op file and control.

The mail language is translated using the current user language but should use 
the receiver language (not easy).

Search function could be completed with: update date, update user, document type, ecc.
